fix: example deprecation warnings and improvements (#4579)
ansys/pyfluent: doc/source/user_guide/session/launching_ansys_fluent.rst

Connecting to Fluent on Windows from a Linux or WSL host
--------------------------------------------------------

> This guide describes how to connect to an ANSYS Fluent instance running on a Windows machine from a Linux or WSL host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section outlines how to connect to Fluent running on Windows from a Linux or WSL host.
```

   solver_session = connect_to_fluent(ip="10.18.44.179", port=51344, password="5scj6c8l", file_transfer_service=file_service)

   # `mixing_elbow.cas.h5` will be uploaded to remote Fluent working directory
   solver_session.settings.file.read_case(file_name="/home/user_name/mixing_elbow.cas.h5")

   # `elbow_remote.cas.h5` will be downloaded to local working directory
   solver_session.settings.file.write_case(file_name="elbow_remote.cas.h5")

Connecting to Fluent on Linux or WSL from a Windows host
--------------------------------------------------------

> This guide describes how to connect to an ANSYS Fluent instance running on a Linux or WSL machine from a Windows host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section outlines how to connect to an Fluent running on Linux or WSL from a Windows host.
```
